Added pss panic to known issues for 1.7.0 and 1.7.1 and troubleshooting also indicated that this is fixed in release 1.7.2 (#3165)
pivotal/docs-tap: scst-scan/troubleshoot-scan.hbs.md

1. Apply the new template to your cluster.
1. Update the `tap-values.yaml` file to use the new template in your workloads.

### <a id="pss-panic"></a> Panic when container.SecurityContext is provided but some fields left empty

**Symptom:**

> When `container.SecurityContext` is provided but either of fileds `Capabilities` or `SeccompProfile` are left empty like below, the controller for for TAP 1.7.0 and 1.7.1 will panic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `container.SecurityContext` is provided but either the field `Capabilities` or `SeccompProfile` is left empty like below, the controller will panic.
```
